Link updates for overview docs (#1055)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/guides/ethereum-overview.md

* Sharing of sensitive data, such as health care records
* Scaling to handle higher read/write throughput, due to the smaller network size

> An example of a private enterprise blockchain is [Quorum](https://www.jpmorgan.com/country/US/EN/Quorum), originally written by J.P. Morgan. ([Read our blog post on using Truffle with Quorum.](/docs/truffle/distributed-ledger-support/working-with-quorum))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a private enterprise blockchain is [Quorum](https://www.jpmorgan.com/country/US/EN/Quorum), originally written by J.P. Morgan. ([Read our documentation on using Truffle with Quorum.](/docs/truffle/distributed-ledger-support/working-with-quorum))
```
